c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\RSS.exe.config
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\RSS.exe
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\RSS.pdb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\Argotic.Common.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\Argotic.Core.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\Argotic.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\Argotic.Common.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\Argotic.Core.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\Argotic.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\DialogBoxAddRSSFeed.g.cs
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\RSS_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\RSS_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\DialogBoxAddRSSFeed.baml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\RSS.g.resources
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\RSS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\RSS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\RSS.exe
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\RSS.pdb
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Release\RSS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
