c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\DialogBoxAddRSSFeed.g.cs
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\RSS_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\RSS_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\RSS.exe
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\RSS.pdb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Argotic.Common.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Argotic.Core.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Argotic.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Argotic.Web.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Argotic.Common.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Argotic.Core.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Argotic.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Argotic.Web.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\DialogBoxAddRSSFeed.baml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\RSS.g.resources
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\RSS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\RSS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\RSS.exe
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\RSS.pdb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\bin\Debug\RSS.exe.config
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RSS\RSS\obj\Debug\RSS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
